1. The program will print 3 at line 12. At line 12, the program is printing the value of the variable ```i```, which is used in the for loop for looping the-length-of-input-list times. ```i``` is incremented 3 times since the input size of the list ```prices``` is 3. Besides, ```i``` is defined as a **var** type, therefore ```i``` can be used anywhere within the function block. Therefore, the value of ```i``` is 3 and the program prints out 3.
2. The program will print 150 at line 13. The **var** type variable ```discountedPrice``` stores the value of the price after discounted. In each iteration of the loop, the value of discountedPrice is redefined to the current price in the ith position of the list ```prices```. After iterating through the whole list, ```discountedPrice``` stores the value of ```discountedPrice``` in the latest iteration, which is in the third iteration where ```prices[i] * (1 - discount) = 300 * 0.5 = 150```. Therefore, 150 will be printed out.
3. The program will print out 150 at line 14. The **var** type variable ```finalPrice``` stores the value computed in ```Math.round(discountedPrice * 100) / 100``` in the for loop, and its value is updated in each iteration. The value of ```discountedPrice``` in the third iteration is 150, and after multipling by 100 and dividing by 100, the value of ```finalPrice``` is still 150. Therefore, 150 will be printed out.
4. The program will return the list ```discounted``` with values [50, 100, 200]. ```discounted``` stores the discounted prices calculated in the for loop, and given the input prices are [100, 200, 300] and the discounted factor is 0.5, the discounted prices will be [50, 100, 150], and the function will return ```discounted``` in line 16.
5. The code casuses an error because the variable ```i``` is a **let** type variable and can only be used within the for-loop block. Since line 12 is outside of the for-loop block, ```i``` is not defined here, thus the value of ```i``` cannot be printed and an error is caused.
6. The code casuses an error because the variable ```discountedPrice``` is a **let** type variable and can only be used within the for-loop block. Since line 12 is outside of the for-loop block, ```discountedPrice``` is not defined here, thus the value of ```discountedPrice``` cannot be printed and an error is caused.
7. The program will print out 150. ```finalPrice``` is a **let** type vairable, and since it is defined within the function ```discountPrices```, it can be used anywhere within the ```discountPrices```. ```finalPrice``` stores the value of the price after discounted, and its value is updated everytime the loop iterates. In the last iteration, the discounted price is 150 and this value is stored in ```finalPrice```. Therefore, in line 14, the value of ```finalPrice``` which is 150 is printed out.
8. The program will return the list ```discounted``` with values [50, 100, 200]. ```discounted``` is a **let** type variable can be used within the function ```finalPrice```. It stores the discounted prices calculated in the for loop, and given the input prices are [100, 200, 300] and the discounted factor is 0.5, the discounted prices will be [50, 100, 150], and the function will return ```discounted``` in line 16.
9. The code causes an error because it is trying to print out the value of an undefined variable ```i```. ```i``` is a **let** type variable, and since it is defined within the for-loop, it can only be used within the for-loop. Line 11 is outside of the for-loop block and therefore ```i``` is no longer defined here. Printing ```i``` will only cause an error.
10. The program will print out 3. ```length``` is a **const** type variable and in line 3 its value is set to the value of ```price.length```, which is the length of the input list ```price```. Since the input list is [100, 200, 300] which has a size of 3, ```length``` will have the value 3, thus when the program prints out the value of ```length```, it will print out 3.
11. The program will print out the discounted price, which is [50, 100, 150]. Although the list ```discounted``` is a **const** type variable, it doesn't prevent modifications to the list itself. Therefore, elements can still be pushed into ```discounted```.
12. A. ```student.name;```
    <br>B. ```student['Grad Year'];```
    <br>C. ```student.greeting();```
    <br>D. ```student["Favorite Teacher"].name;```
    <br>E. ```student.courseLoad[0];```
13. A. The output is **'32'**. The integer 2 is mapped to its exact string representation which is ```'2'```. Addition between two strings is just putting two strings together in the same string, resulting '32'.
    <br>B. The output is **1**. The ```-``` operator is strictly for arithmetic, so the string ```'3'``` is converted into an interger 3 and the subtraction between 3 and 2 is performed.
    <br>C. The output is **3**. ```null``` is treated as a 0 in numeric operations, therefore adding 0 to 3 is just 3.
    <br>D. The output is **'3null'**. ```null``` is converted into a string ```'null'``` and concatenated with ```'3'```. 
    <br>E. The output is **4**. ```true``` is treated as 1 in arithmetic operations, and 1 + 3 = 4.
    <br>F. The output is **0**. In arithmetic operations, ```false``` is converted to 0 and ```null``` is converted to 0 as well. The addition between two zeros is 0.
    <br>G. The output is **```3undefined```**. When using the ```+``` operator between two strings, ```undefined``` is converted to the string ```'undefined'``` and concatenated with ```'3'```. 
    <br>H. The output is **NAN**. ```undefined``` is not a number, and performing an arithmetic operation with it will result in ```NAN```. ```'3'``` cannot be subtracted from something that is undefined.
14. A. The output is **true**. The string ```'2'``` is converted to the integer 2, and 2 is greater than 1.
    <br>B. The output is **false**. The lexicographic order are compared when comparing two strings. Since ```'2'``` comes after ```'1'```, ```'2'``` has a greater lexicographic order than ```'12'```. Therefore, ```'2' < '12'``` is false.
    <br>C. The output is **true**. The string ```'2'``` is converted to the integer 2, and it is equivalent to 2.
    <br>D. The output is **false**. The operator ```===``` is the strict equality operator and does not perform type coercion. The string ```'2'``` and the integer 2 are two different type, thus the comparison returns false.
    <br>E. The output is **false**. The boolean ```true``` is converted to numeric value 1, and 1 is not equal to 2.
    <br>F. The output is **true**. ```Boolean(2)``` is converted to the boolean value ```true```, and ```true``` is strictly equivalent to ```true```.
15. ```==``` checks for equality of values. If two values have different types, they will be converted to a type that can be compared. ```===``` checks for equality of value and type. If two values have different types, the comparison will return ```false```.
<!-- Skip 16 -->
17. The result will be **[2, 4, 6]**. When calling the function ```modifyArray```, the list ```[1, 2, 3]``` and the function ```doSomething``` is passed in. What ```modifyArray``` does is looping through the whole input list and call the passed in function to modify the element and push the new value into the array ```newArr``` in each iteration. The function ```doSomething``` multiplies the number by 2 and returns it. Therefore, after multiplying all the elements in ```array``` by 2, ```modifyArray``` returns **[2, 4, 6]**.
<!-- Skip 18 -->
19. The output is **1 4 3 2**. ```console.log(1);``` is called directly so **1** will be the first printed output. ```setTimeout(function() {console.log(2);}, 1000);``` is called with 1 second delay, so **2** will be printed 1 second later. ```setTimeout(function() {console.log(3);}, 0);``` is called with 0 second delay, but the executino is placed on the event loop and will only run after the current function exits. ```console.log(4);``` is called directly. 